---
title: FAQ
template: page.jade
---

__How will the proceedings of ICCSW'12 be published?__

The proceedings will be published as an open-access volume in the
[OpenAccess Series in Informatics
(OASIcs)](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics) published by [Schloss Dagstuhl](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/).

__What rights will I retain as an author after publishing my paper at
ICCSW'12?__

All articles published in OASIcs are licensed under a Creative Commons
licence. This allows for the original authors to retain the copyright of
the article.

__What style should I use for my paper?__

Please use OASIcs LaTeX style. You can find a copy
[here](http://drops.dagstuhl.de/styles/oasics/oasics-authors.tgz).

__Can you please clarify the lengths of papers allowed?__

During the reviewing process, it became apparent that some papers
adversely suffered due to the page limits imposed for the review-ready
submissions. Consequently, to give you enough space to address all of
the reviewers' comments and also to include any further details you left
out in the review-ready submission, we have extended the page limit
slightly.

You are now allowed up to seven pages *in total* - this is a *hard
limit*. Please note, the seventh page *does not* have to be exclusively
for the use of your bibliography. While we understand that some authors
used two pages for references in the review ready copy, you can either
keep this extended bibliography and have a five page paper or you can
chose to cut down your bibliography to have the additional sixth page.
It is expected that you will not sacrifice "scientific integrity" by
needlessly cutting down your bibliography to fit in a few extra
paragraphs. The committee really expects your papers to have between
half and a full page of references.

__What are the formatting instructions for camera-ready version?__

The only modification to the formatting instructions from the
review-ready instructions is the extended page limits (see above). You
are encouraged once again to use PDFLaTeX to compile your final paper
and you *must* use the OASIcs style-file _unmodified_. If for some
reason you are unable to use PDFLaTeX and decide to use (LaTeX + DVIPS +
PS2PDF, or similar), can you please [email](mailto:iccsw@imperial.ac.uk)
the committee at your earliest convenience? We need to discuss how to
correctly format papers using non-PDFLaTeX, as the
[OASIcs](http://www.dagstuhl.de/en/publications/oasics) graphics are
only supported using PDFLaTeX.

__What are the instructions for papers that has either been previously
published elsewhere?__

There are a number of accepted submissions that are not truly "original
work" (e.g., they have been previously presented in a longer format at a
previous conference/workshop or accepted in a journal). If you paper is
one of these submissions, we ask that you kindly revise your manuscript
in the following way: please use ```\footnote{...}``````` to add a
footnote to your title. Please include text similar to the following:

*A longer version of this paper appeared in the proceedings of
ConferenceInitials [XX].*

where "ConferenceInitials" are the initials of the conference (e.g.,
"ICCSW" for "Imperial College Computing Student Workshop") and "[XX]" is
a citation to the full, original paper included in your bibliography.

For example, in LaTeX, your sources may now include something similar
to:

```
\title{My really awesome paper\footnote{A longer version of this paper
appeared in the proceedings of ABC~\cite{MyPaper}.}}
```````

__What else do I need to do before doing making my submission?__

We require that you fill in a Dagstuhl OASIcs copyright form, which can
uploaded to Easychair at the same time as your camera-ready paper
sources. You can find a draft version
[here](http://iccsw.doc.ic.ac.uk/oasics-iccsw2012-author-agreement-draft.pdf). When ICCSW receives the final copy from Dagstuhl, we will email the authors.

__How long will ICCSW run for?__

ICCSW'12 will run from 08:30 on Thursday, September 27 until 17:00 on
Friday, September 28th. We ask that all presenters attend for the
duration of the workshop.

__What should I do about food while attending ICCSW? Do I need a packed
lunch?__

Nope! ICCSW will provide you with two lunches (Thursday and Friday) and
there is a banquet meal on the Thursday. This is all included in ICCSW's
registration, and there is no charge.
