---
title: Keynotes
template: page.jade
---
## The Art of Programming Language Design: Confessions of a Connoiseur
### Gilad Bracha, Google

The field of programming languages is an art,  albeit an applied one. It
is much like architecture. It requires engineering, which is informed by
science, but cannot be confused with either.

We live in an age of popular culture, and programming languages are no
exception. In such a climate, the great works of the past tend to be
forgotten, and the wheel is often reinvented badly. To do better
requires both knowledge and taste: in a word, connoisseurship.

As an applied art, we must make both aesthetic and utilitarian
judgements about programming languages. Typically utility dominates, but
our goal should be a design where the two complement each other. 

To that end, Iâ€™ll present and defend a personal aesthetic with respect
to programming languages and systems. You may find it illuminating or
aggravating or both.

_Gilad Bracha is the creator of the
[Newspeak](http://bracha.org/Site/Newspeak.html) programming language
and a software engineer at Google where he works on
[Dart](http://dartlang.org/). Previously, he was a VP at SAP Labs, a
Distinguished Engineer at Cadence, and a [Computational
Theologist](http://bracha.org/Site/Theology.html) and Distinguished
Engineer at Sun. He is co-author of the [Java Language
Specification](http://java.sun.com/docs/books/jls/), and a researcher in
the area of object-oriented programming languages. Prior to joining Sun,
he worked on Strongtalk, the [Animorphic Smalltalk
System](http://www.cs.ucsb.edu/projects/strongtalk/). He received his
B.Sc in Mathematics and Computer Science from [Ben Gurion
University](http://www.bgu.ac.il/) in Israel and a Ph.D. in Computer
Science from the [University of Utah](http://www.utah.edu/)._

* * *

## Cloud Centric Networking
### Greg Page, Cisco

Cloud computing / 'ITaaS' places new demands on infrastructure requiring
the network to open up to application developers and become more agile
through embedded intelligence. This presentation will focus on key areas
of contemporary networking development and concepts such as 'Software
Defined Networking'(SDN), network service abstractions and 'Autonomic
Networking'.

_Greg is a solutions architect at Cisco in the EMEA and Russia
organization and is part of a team that is responsible for leading Data
Centre & Cloud solutions. Greg has worked with Cisco's partners to
deploy a number of innovative firsts, for example IP/MPLS in a mobile
networking and launching a Compute as a Service (CaaS) platform within
European service providers. Two thirds of Greg's career in the IT
industry has been spent working for Cisco in a variety of technical
consulting roles, specializing in Data Centre, Software Defined
Networking (SDN) architecture, and Service Provider security and core IP
networking technologies. More recently, Greg co-authored the book 'Cloud
Computing: Automating the Virtualized Data Centre'. In addition, Greg
holds a BA (Hons) in Economics and is CISSP certified number 77673. Greg
lives in Windsor, Berkshire with his wife Rebecca._
